GradleUp site (#1)
GradleUp/gradleup.github.io: README.md

<p align="center">
    <img width="512px" src="./assets/images/logo-wide.png" alt="WireMock Logo"/>
</p>

## What is GradleUp?

> GradleUp is an umbrella [GitHub organization](https://github.com/gradleup)
> focusing on simplifying Java and Android development with Gradle.
> On our menu: Gradle plugins, developer tools and best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GradleUp is an umbrella [GitHub organization](https://github.com/gradleup) created by, and for, the community.
GradleUp focuses on simplifying building Java, Kotlin and Android projects.
On our menu: Gradle plugins, developer tools and best practices.
```
